Updates hc 0.6 (#135)
holochain/android-service-runtime: DEVELOPMENT.md

# Contributing

> To bump the holochain version you will need to do these things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrading Holochain Version

To upgrade the holochain version, follow these steps:
```

> 1. update all holochain dependencies in the top-level `Cargo.toml` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update all holochain dependencies in the top-level `Cargo.toml` file, as well as `apps/example-client-app/Cargo.toml`
```

> 2. do a `nix flake update` before `nix develop` to bring down the latest Holochain version.  Note that if you are updating to a major version you may need to change the source for `holonix.url` and `taurie-plugin-holochain.url` in the `flake.nix` file first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the nix flake:
  1. Modify the `holonix.url` to the matching version of holonix.
  2. Modify the `tauri-plugin-holochain.url` to the matching version of `tauri-plugin-holochain`.
  3. Update the nix flake and re-enter the nix shell: `nix flake update && git add flake.nix flake.lock && nix develop`.
```

> 3. make any updates necessary to the crates due to any changes in Holochain.  You should be able to check this by running `npm test` which should build all the crates and test the `client` and the `service` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make any changes necessary to the rust crates and kotlin libraries for compatibility with the upgraded Holochain. Build issues can be identified by running `npm test` which will build all the rust crates and test the `client` and the `service` kotlin libraries.
```

> 4. if there have been major changes you many need to create new fixtures for the tests in `crates/runtime/fixtures` and `crates/runtime-ffi/fixtures` by using the scaffolding tool from the current version of Holochain to build the `forum.happ` file (which you do by running `hc-scaffold example` and the following the instructions to initialize the generated repo and finally running `npm run package`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If the Holochain upgrade is not compatible with `.happ` bundles built on the prior version, you will need to create a new fixture happ. To do so:
  1. Update the example app in `apps/example-client-app` to be compatible with the upgraded Holochain version.
  2. Bundle it into a `.happ` file with `npm run package`.
  2. Copy the file `workdir/forum.happ` into `crates/runtime/fixtures`, as well as the `crates/runtime-ffi/fixtures`.
```

> 5. Finally you to actually do a release you publish all the components listed in the following order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Publish all the components listed in the following order:
```
